[Documentation] Update debugJobs misleading description (#18160)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/k8s-jobs.md

| `druid.indexer.runner.namespace` | `String` | If Overlord and task pods are running in different namespaces, specify the Overlord namespace. | - | Yes |
| `druid.indexer.runner.overlordNamespace` | `String` | Only applicable when using Custom Template Pod Adapter. If Overlord and task pods are running in different namespaces, specify the Overlord namespace. <br /> Warning: You need to stop all running tasks in Druid to change this property. Failure to do so will lead to duplicate data and metadata inconsistencies. | `""` | No |
| `druid.indexer.runner.k8sTaskPodNamePrefix` | `String` |  Use this if you want to change your task name to contain a more human-readable prefix. Maximum 30 characters. Special characters `: - . _` will be ignored. <br /> Warning: You need to stop all running tasks in Druid to change this property. Failure to do so will lead to duplicate data and metadata inconsistencies. | `""` | No |

> | `druid.indexer.runner.debugJobs` | `boolean` | Do not clean up K8s jobs after tasks complete. | False | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `druid.indexer.runner.debugJobs` | `boolean` | Boolean flag used to disable clean up of K8s jobs after tasks complete. | False | No |
```
